hi guys this is chicken I'm back with
yet another voice acting video I had so
much fun doing the last one so I decided
to make another one
a few weeks back I uploaded a picture
myself with my shadow plushy that I got
for Christmas and I had some of my
friends tell me I look quite similar to
Maria Robotnik
now this shocked me quite a bit because
I don't think I looked at much like her
but anyways back to what I was saying so
I thought to myself hey if they say I
look like her let's see how much I sound
like her so I'm going to try my hand at
doing her voice I'll be using some
dialogue from Sonic X as it was the only
bit that I could find also I'll be
putting in one voice clip that was from
shadow in Sonic X and to avoid any
confrontation I will say that I do not
own Sonic X or any of its characters
well no that's all the way let's get
started
shadow please promise me that you'll
help people and be friends with them I'm
sure you'll be very happy down there
shadow I only wish that I could go along
with you the world looks so beautiful
from up here in space but my grandfather
says that the people who live there have
to face many problems that's why you
were created to help those people and to
be their friend
once again thanks everyone for listening
I'm quite pleased of the results of this
and I hope to make more videos in the
future if you have a request or anything
for me feel free to send me a message I
know I know I really need to work go
work on SSH now I keep it I just keep
getting distracted I'm really sorry guys
I can almost guarantee that the next
chapter will be finished tonight however
so what else oh the avatar of Sonic I
used I'm in myself but the picture was
taken from the night of the werehog and
all the sonic actors X pictures were
taken from well Sonic X of course bye
guys enjoy